Updated bucket-class and backing-store MD docs (#113)
noobaa/noobaa-operator: doc/backing-store-crd.md

These storage targets are used to store deduped+compressed+encrypted chunks of data (encryption keys are stored separatly).
Backing-stores are referred to by name when defining [BucketClass](bucket-class-crd.md).

> Multiple types of backing-stores are supported: aws-s3, s3-compatible, google-cloud-storage, azure-blob.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:

Multiple types of backing-stores are currently supported: aws-s3, s3-compatible, google-cloud-storage, azure-blob. Support for backing-store type pv-pool is not yet implemented.

> These storage targets are used to store deduped+compressed+encrypted chunks of data (encryption keys are stored separatly).

Reviewer 2: s/separatly/separately

# Reconcile

> #### AWS-S3 type

Reviewer 3: Please add a code example how to create each backing store type from the CLI and also the yaml.

> Create a cloud storage agent within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in the AWS cloud.

Reviewer 3: Change terminology to match the noobaa UI - "Create a cloud resource within the NooBaa brain ..."

Reviewer 3: This comment applies to all the types below

> Create a cloud storage agent within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in the AWS cloud.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a cloud resource within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in the AWS cloud. Multiple AWS-S3 backing-stores can be defined, each with its own access & secret keys (if needed) and its own target bucket on top of AWS S3.

An AWS-S3 default backing store is automatically created when deploying on top OCP installed in AWS.
```

Reviewer 4: Also please add example on how to create such a resource

#### S3-COMPATIBLE type

> Create a cloud storage agent within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in any S3 API compatible endpoint.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Create a cloud resource within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in any S3 API compatible endpoint. Multiple S3-Compatible backing-stores can be defined, each with its own access & secret keys (if needed), different underlying object storage system which support S3 and their own target bucket on top of AWS S3.

An S3-Compatible default backing store is automatically created when deploying on top OCP installed on-premises and ceph-rgw exists

```

Reviewer 4: Also please add example on how to create such a resource

#### GOOGLE-CLOUD-STORAGE type

> Create a cloud storage agent within the NooBaa brain and use Google Cloud Storage API for storing encrypted chunks of data in Google Cloud Storage.

Reviewer 4: Same as above 2

#### AZURE-BLOB type

> Create a cloud storage agent within the NooBaa brain and use BLOB API for storing encrypted chunks of data in Azure cloud.

Reviewer 4: Same as above 2

> #### PV-POOL type (Not yet implemented)

Reviewer 4: Same as above 2

Also add the fact that its sts, and how should one scale it, what can be configured etc.

# Reconcile

#### AWS-S3 type

Create a cloud resource within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in the AWS cloud.
```shell
noobaa -n noobaa backingstore create aws-s3 bs --access-key KEY --secret-key SECRET --target-bucket BUCKET
```
```yaml
apiVersion: noobaa.io/v1alpha1
kind: BackingStore
metadata:
  finalizers:
  - noobaa.io/finalizer
  labels:
    app: noobaa
  name: bs
  namespace: noobaa
spec:
  awsS3:
    secret:
      name: backing-store-aws-s3-bs
      namespace: noobaa
    targetBucket: BUCKET
  type: aws-s3
```

#### S3-COMPATIBLE type

> Create a cloud resource within the NooBaa brain and use S3 API for storing encrypted chunks of data in any S3 API compatible endpoint.

Reviewer: Be consistent here and below with the use of ```--target-bucket BUCKET``` as is done above for ```AWS-S3``` type.

      lastTime: "2019-06-04T13:05:35.473Z"
      troubleshooting: "https://github.com/noobaa/noobaa-core/wiki/Backing-store-finalizer-troubleshooting"
```

# Example

> Here is an example of BackingStore CR when running different BackingStore types:

Reviewer: Minor suggestion:

Here are some example BackingStore CRs for various backing-store types:

    endpoint: http://jenia.com
    secret:
      name: backing-store-s3-compatible-jenia
      namespace: jenia
    signatureVersion: v4
    targetBucket: jenia
  type: s3-compatible
status:
  conditions:
  - lastHeartbeatTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    lastTransitionTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    message: noobaa operator completed reconcile - backing store is ready
    reason: BackingStorePhaseReady
    status: "True"
    type: Available
  - lastHeartbeatTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    lastTransitionTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    message: noobaa operator completed reconcile - backing store is ready
    reason: BackingStorePhaseReady
    status: "False"
    type: Progressing
  - lastHeartbeatTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    lastTransitionTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    message: noobaa operator completed reconcile - backing store is ready
    reason: BackingStorePhaseReady
    status: "False"
    type: Degraded
  - lastHeartbeatTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    lastTransitionTime: "1337-04-26T00:00:00Z"
    message: noobaa operator completed reconcile - backing store is ready
    reason: BackingStorePhaseReady
    status: "True"
    type: Upgradeable
  phase: Ready

> ```

Reviewer: Suggest that the status section be removed from the above yamls since it is not something a user would specify as part of a CR.

      lastTime: "2019-06-04T13:05:35.473Z"
      troubleshooting: "https://github.com/noobaa/noobaa-core/wiki/Backing-store-finalizer-troubleshooting"
```

# Example

Here are some examples of the cli usage and BackingStore CRs for the different backing-store types:

AWS-S3-TYPE:
```shell

> nb -n noobaa backingstore create aws-s3 bs --access-key KEY --secret-key SECRET --target-bucket BUCKET

Reviewer 4: don't use the nb alias in all the examples
